PD-273 Reorganize and Update Support Articles (#1815)
truenas/documentation: content/_includes/FileIssueTicketSCALE.md

---
---

> TrueNAS SCALE users are encouraged to report bugs and to vote for or suggest new TrueNAS features in the project Jira instance. 
> Have questions? We recommend searching through the software documentation and community resources for answers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage TrueNAS SCALE users to report bugs and to vote for or suggest new TrueNAS features in the project Jira instance. 
Have questions? We recommend searching through the software documentation and community resources for answers.
```

If you encounter a bug or other issue while using TrueNAS SCALE, you can report issues in one of two ways:

* Log into Jira and use **Create** to open a new ticket (see [Issue Reporting]({{< relref "/Content/Contributing/IssueReporting/JiraIssueReporting.md" >}}) for more information).
* Use the **File Ticket** option on the **System Settings > Genral** screen to create a bug report in the [TrueNAS Jira Project](https://ixsystems.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/NAS/issues). 

The web interface provides a form to report issues without logging out of SCALE, and that prompts you to provide the information and attachments we need to assist users. 

{{< hint info >}}
New Jira tickets are not marked as **iX Private** so it is possible to search the project first to see if another user already reported the issue. 

> Each Jira ticket sends a link to a private file attachement area to safeguard user personal and private data, or if the attached files do not require privacy, attach them to the Jira ticket. All incoming tickets are triaged. If private files are attached to a new ticket, the ticket or files can be made private at that time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Jira ticket sends a link to a private file attachment area to safeguard user personal and private data. If the attached files do not require privacy, attach them to the Jira ticket. All incoming tickets are triaged. If private files are attached to a new ticket, the ticket or files can be made private at that time. 
```

{{< /hint >}}

> You must have [a Jira account](https://jira.ixsystems.com/secure/Signup!default.jspa) to create a bug ticket.

Reviewer 2: Check if this link is working.
